Add InlineLink component (#106)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/components/psammead-inline-link/README.md

# psammead-inline-link &middot; [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/LICENSE) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@bbc/psammead-inline-link.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@bbc/psammead-inline-link) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://reactjs.org/docs/how-to-contribute.html#your-first-pull-request)

## Description

The `@bbc/psammead-inline-link` package exports a single Inline Link component. It uses an `a` HTML element and colours from `@bbc/psammead-styles`.

## Installation

```
npm install @bbc/psammead-inline-link --save
```

## Usage

```jsx
import InlineLink from '@bbc/psammead-inline-link';

const WrappingComponent = () => (
  <InlineLink href="https://www.bbc.com/news">Text here</InlineLink>
);
```

## When to use this component

This component can be used at any point on a page.

> We have not included typography styles in with this component. This is so it is resusable in multiple contexts. You can use our existing `psammead-paragraph` for body copy and `psammead-headings` for headlines and subheadings (`h1`s and `h2`s), in this way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have not included any typography styles inside this component. This is so it is reusable in multiple contexts. For example, you can use `InlineLink` inside our existing `psammead-paragraph` for body copy and `psammead-headings` for headlines and subheadings (`h1`s and `h2`s).
```

> In a paragraph:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example inline link in a paragraph:
```

```jsx
import InlineLink from '@bbc/psammead-inline-link';
import Paragraph from '@bbc/psammead-paragraph';

const WrapperComponent = () => (
  <Paragraph>I am a paragraph that has a link to <InlineLink href="https://www.bbc.com/news">the BBC News front page</InlineLink>.<Paragraph>
);
```

> In a Headline or SubHeading:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example inline link in a Headline or SubHeading:
```

```jsx
import InlineLink from '@bbc/psammead-inline-link';
import { Headline, SubHeading } from '@bbc/psammead-headings';

const HeadlineWithALink = () => (
  <Headline><InlineLink href="https://www.bbc.com/news">Headline</InlineLink>
  <Headline>

  const SubHeadingWithALink = () => (

>   <SubHeading><InlineLink href="https://www.bbc.com/news">SubHeading</InlineLink><SubHeading>

Reviewer: Based on our examples on BBC News, I'd invert these (i.e. `<InlineLink><SubHeading>foo</SubHeading></InlineLink>`). I think we nest the headings inside the links for accessibility reasons (perhaps so that screen readers can navigate by headings and easily click the link if interested?)

);
```

Alternatively, if you want to just extend existing styles with other GEL Typography groups, you can do the following:

```jsx
import InlineLink from '@bbc/psammead-inline-link';
import { GEL_PARAGON } from '@bbc/gel-foundations-styled-components';

> const GelParagonLink = styled(InlineLink)`

Reviewer 2: Woahhhh TIL

  ${GEL_PARAGON};
`;

const WrapperComponent = () => (
  <GelParagonLink href="https://www.bbc.com/news">
    Link with GEL Paragon typography
  </GelParagonLink>
);

> ```

Reviewer: Nice example 👍

## Accessibility notes

Since this is just a `<a>` tag with associated styles, when you use this component, it has the same semantic meaning as a regular anchor element.

The font and background-color choices for each hover/focused/visited/default states meet WCAG AA colour contrast guidelines.

## Roadmap

> Our UX team are considering updating the colours for the hover and focus states of this component. When we implement this change, we will ensure it is a major version increase, since for downstream teams this will be a breaking change.

Reviewer: Unless the API changes... if this is just color tweaks etc, I'd maybe advocate a minor change 🤔

Author: As a consumer of this component - imagine if you're using `psammead-inline-link` in production code and the next time you rebuild your application and deploy it, all of your link colours automatically update. That is a quick way to get a users of `psammead` components frustrated with us! 

So, although I understand that colour tweaks are usually just a patch or a minor change in a standard component, when we're a component library being used - potentially - by multiple teams, we need to consider even colours and styles as part of our API.

Reviewer: Yeah, I was in two minds as I wrote that. You've convinced me 👍
